Another side to Ukraine? War profits and schiff et al. https://youtu.be/S50VmdYquYg

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=S50VmdYquYg&list=WL&index=5&t=927s
6:11 AM

(one small change - test)

Me: See 2016 muplipke defense categories. also votes 2increase defense budget
https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/industries?cid=N00009585&cycle=2016&type=I
6:36 AM

Mark Lekavich: Max says that trumpy sent the weapons/javelins to Ukraine but
Bolton says he did it before his termination...lots of moving parts, not sure
they all fit 6:54 AM

Mark Lekavich: And open secrets says that Schiff is not "raking in millions
from the arms industries"...we're through the looking glass here, white is
black and black is white...and I don't think we have a "colonial relationship"
with Ukraine...we provide a fraction of the assistance, EU provides the vast
majority of funds 7:02 AM

Me: EU does not give military support 7:03 AM

Mark Lekavich: Fact-checking Trump's false claim that US is the only country
providing aid to Ukraine - CNNPolitics
https://www-m.cnn.com/2019/10/01/politics/fact-check-trump-us-only-country-providing-aid-ukraine/index.html?r=https%3A%2F%2Famp-cnn-com.cdn.ampproject.org%2Fv%2Fs%2Famp.cnn.com%2Fcnn%2F2019%2F10%2F01%2Fpolitics%2Ffact-check-trump-us-only-country-providing-aid-ukraine%2Findex.html%3Famp_js_v%3D0.1%26usqp%3Dmq331AQCKAE%253D
7:07 AM

Mark Lekavich: We're the biggest arms dealer in the world...who else you gonna
go to? The Ukrainians are paying for it with euros and not duvets or whatever
their home currency is I'll wager... 7:10 AM

Mark Lekavich: Curious that Obama didn't provide "hardware" and went the policy
route regarding Ukraine/Russia...three dimensional chess? 7:17 AM

Mark Lekavich: And to add to the clarity...confusion? Watch "Democrats Deep
Ties To Russia & Ukraine Corruption!" on YouTube https://youtu.be/wj-wNuKmBrY
7:48 AM

Me: Dore. Dislike mocking attitude. But yes still raises issues. 4:54 PM

Me: Ukraine. Not sure understand your point. Bluemthal seems to argue peaceful
resolution , not military sales needed. Us politicians see as way to make
profits, poke putan. And that EU has proposal and more focusd on resolution.
4:58 PM

Mark Lekavich: Couple of points: 1) We're the biggest arms dealer in the
world...when you're a hammer, everything else is a nail 2) Russia forcibly
occupied Ukraine, are they going to leave peacefully? What does a peaceful
resolution look like? And giving Russia everything they want is an unacceptable
solution... 6:09 PM

Me: Just waking up ..... now. Was job better today than Friday? Will print
prior dialogue, annotate, footnote (like my bible) and discuss with you
face-to-face. You raise important points. And so Bluementhal. Truth is never
easy for me. 10:52 PM

# H!
## H2
### Conceal

**bold** 
*italic*
_italic_



