3 OCT 2018

Dear Dr. Wagner:

This is reponse to your Oct 1 email and a few misc.  items:

(1) Litholink reorder  , then Mayo clinic oxalate panel.
Sounds excellent.  thank you.   What will this panel tell us?

(2) Diet and oxalate.
Dr. Wagner please be careful when you say this, here's why:
	1.	Dr Coe has questioned RANGE of Oxalate numbers and why he raised
		concern about Kaiser lab accuracy.  You may share data with him.
		
	2.	Not wise to pick one number and draw conclusions.   You know things
		must be done systematically, with variables controlled as much as
		possible.  We've never done this.

	3.	Summer 2014 I was on rigorous, low-oxalate diet "nth degree",
		impossible to continue.    My notes show Ox=65, even though I just said
		not to draw conclusions about one number. In winter 2016, I was taking
		TUMERIC (high Ox) yet UrOx=51.   So makes little sense to me.

	4.	Just quick eye-ball look at numbers seem to be association with
		EXERCISE, inversely.   Not offering it a theory, but I will take a
		close look.
		
(3)	Nutitionist.
	You may remember the KALE QUIZ.  Neither you nor Dr. Motonaga wanted to
	take it.    The nutritionist flunked.   See also my 28 SEP email.  
	It is easy to read something and say "don't eat this and don't eat that".
	It is completely different to go to the grocery store.    Nutrition is very
	difficult.   That said, I do hope my problem IS DIET, maybe some
	combination of foods I eat?   As above, isolating the factors is non-trival
	and will take a controlled environemtn.
	
(4)	OTC medications.    Attached.   There is a story behind every number, so
you may want to ask me before suggesting changes.

(5)	Nephrologist.
	Your prior note said for "consultation".    What is it you wish to learn?
	The nephrologist Kaiser wants me to see is a DIALYSIS CENTER.    You and
	Dr. Motonaga have NOT talked about this.   Please advice.

(6)	Genetics.
	Mayo has already ruled out genetics.   OHSU also studied urine for
	substances (proteins, enzymes?) normally present in genetic hyperoxaluria - negative.   Fee free to give
	the two doctors at OHSU a call.   But, again,  Dr. Coe  has suggested some
	kind of malabsorption problem.   He disagree with OHSU's opinion "you just
	have it [hyperoxaluria]" with no explanation.    Dr. Coe  has done this for
	a career (and not looking for patients).   I have mentioned his work to
	you.
	
	
(7)	Referral.    
	Please send me the referral, even if draft form, so I may review.   If it finished, please
	sign etc.    I am working at level above Membership Services and need all
	the documentation you will provide.   No is not an answer you should
	accept.
	
(8)	Shortest Path.
	I understand the easist path may **seem** like sending me to more Kaiser
	labs and doctors.    I could be wrong;  maybe they will find something this
	time.    But past 4 years have been very unfruitful.   To layperson the
	**shortest path** seems to go to people who studied hyperoxaluria and
	related topics for decades, treating real adults along the way.    It
	seems like far faster, safer (and cheaper) path to get to the bottom of a
	relatively rare (adult)  disorder.

(9)	What did I forget?


