---
title: 
output: 
  pdf_document: 
---

May 6, 2020


Dear Dr. Miyake:

Hope you are well.

I have a question about rising PTH (hyperparathyroid).  

Even though my serum Calcium and Vitamin D are in normal range, the PTH seems
persistently high.  What is this telling us?   What can I do about it?   Should
we adjust dosage and timing of supplement Calcium Citrate and D3?

## Background:

Supplements:

Calcium Citrate, with FOOD, for total calcium 1200 mg per day (4
		pills x 200 mg calcium).[^1]  
- Diet is generally rich in dairy (1-2 portions per day) and usual healthy foods and
- vegetables.


D3 is now 25,000 IU per WEEK.  
- My serum D3 level seems adequate.    
-	After the High PTH was found,  OSHU raised D3 from 15,000 IU to 25,000 IU.  I
was told the extra D3 would REDUCE PTH.[^2]  
- This has NOT happened.  
-
Secondary hyperparathyroid is usually accompanied by  low serum Ca (hypocalcemia)
which I do not have.

These are my questions: 
-	Is my calcium intake ok with you?  
-	What D3 supplementation do you recommend?  
-	When should I take the D3,  relative to taking calcium ( with food).  
- Can you explain why PTH is high, its the significance, and what I should be doing?	  


Also, later this week I plan to do 24-hour urine (Litholink).  Please feel free
to add an blood/urine work you feel necessary.  

Thank you.


[^1] My understanding of reason for high Calcium doses is to increase
the odds that Calcium and free Oxalate will bind, precipitate and be eliminated
in feces.    

[^2] 8-10 years ago my serum D was low (18). Since then supplementation has
raised the value to normal range.   The OHSU step, as I understand it, was
solely to reduce PTH.
